Project Plan 

Project: Digital Phenotyping Markers of Trauma and Resilience 

Define: Using a subset of participants with histories of adversity and trauma on a written task (LEMURS), I need to distinguish the language of models using natural processing language. How does natural language processing distinguish and identify trauma using language choices? Which tools will I be using to analyze language patterns? 

Identify: Which factors I am looking at and which scores I will quantify. For example, there are 7 surveys (like the Life Events and PTSD Checklist), so I need to identify which surveys I will focus on with the natural language processing models. Also, define the data I will be using and how that will be protected. 

Priority: 
Organize participants who have some sort of trauma/adversity 
Analyze the language choices using models
Check their accuracy & connect to a larger psychological goal 
Create better mental health resources using language models; 
*rioritize: For each analysis; start with a background/literature review, then look at the project from an overview and be realistic with my goals.

Assign: ME LOL! 

Schedule: Start literature review first; talk with Dr. Price about what I know and the gaps that still need to be filled. 

Monitor: I will check in with Dr. Price for weekly checkups; check with the process and what could be improved. 

Risk: Me! Self-sabotage! I tend to want to complete everything all at once (big goals!), but I need to make sure I am realistic and slow with my goals. Complete one task first and then move on to the next to prevent becoming overwhelmed. Identify research loci! Timeline could be the risk; also do not want to risk personal information. 

Mitigations: Maintain anonymity for the participants & protect their identities. Who will be receiving the information/code after I am done with it and how it will be destroyed? Information cannot be open source because it is very sensitive information (specific protection and privacy measures?)
